+++
title = 'Saturday, August 20th (7:30PM)'
date = 2022-08-20T21:47:06-07:00
draft = false
+++
{{<movienight>}}
{{<movie>}}
{{<moviesummary title=`Righting Wrongs` length=`92` year=`1986` director=`Corey Yuen`>}}
Martial Arts legend Yuen Biao stars as Ha Ling-Ching, a respected prosecutor who has always followed the rule of law, but has recently found himself frustrated by the ineffectiveness of the court system. Ha is pushed over the edge by the murder of a key witness in a trial along with the witness's entire family. Fed up with the court's inability to punish the guilty and protect the innocent, Ha decides to take the law into his own hands and eliminate those responsible for the murders.
<br/><br/>
Soon, Ha's actions catch the interest of C.I.D. Senior Inspector Cindy See (Cynthia Rothrock) and her slovenly new partner known as Stink Egg (Corey Yuen). While trying to stop Ha, Cindy uncovers who is really behind the recent murders and the two must put aside their differences in order to take down the criminal organization before they go unpunished.
{{</moviesummary>}}
{{<movietrailer H9-VDN5Qsmo>}}
{{</movie>}}
{{<movie>}}
{{<moviesummary title=`Miami Connection` length=`86` year=`1987` director=`Woo-Sang Park, Y.K. Kim` botw=`mbWTthXfdBc`>}}
Dragon Sound, the house band at Orlando's #1 nightclub is made up of five orphans and university classmates, all of whom are experts in Taekwondo, with a musical mission to share the importance of love and friendship. Lead singer John is engaged in a budding romance with Jane, sister of Jeff, a kingpin in one of Florida's toughest drug pushing gangs. A resentful rival band enlists the help of Jeff and his crew of violent, motorcycle riding thugs to exact vengeance for their bruised egos, against Dragon Sound. The five best friends are soon forced to put their fighting skills to the ultimate test, not just to defend themselves, but their entire community from the iron grip held over it by these narcotics trafficking hooligans.
{{</moviesummary>}}
{{<movietrailer X1wMt3fgOyM>}}
{{</movie>}}
{{</movienight>}}